Add AUR to the README (#5)
Bhupesh-V/ugit: README.md

   # Mac
   curl -fsSL https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/ugit/releases/latest/download/ugit -o ugit && chmod +x ugit && mv ugit /usr/local/bin
   ```
   

>    or Arch Linux users can install ugit via the AUR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Or Arch Linux users can install [**ugit via AUR**](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ugit)
```

   
   ```bash
   git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/ugit.git && cd ugit
   makepkg -si

>    ```

Reviewer: No need
